I mean really people like to disrespect
my truth but the fact is that you know
my name is I don't know truth the
screenshot from this Facebook comment
reads quote this is my second time being
drugged at a con I have been roofied
before as well to makes you not want to
drink at all and a reply I'm sorry you
went through this too whoever had the
audacity to slip MDMA into my and my
friends drink at my own room party on
Saturday your mom's a ho I'm on vacation
that reacts to that terrifically and
your mom's a ho I guess thanks for not
dropping a roofie in a question mark
question mark I'm just gonna stop today
rest for a moment here the purpose of
this video is not to ridicule these
people many many years ago I saw the
first few minutes of a film called
waiting for Guffman this is a comedy
that won a lot of awards I watched the
first few minutes and then I just
stopped it I said forget I'm not gonna
watch the rest of this and I forget I
forget if it was on an airplane or what
I don't normally watch fiction unless
I'm on an airplane or something like
that and my girlfriend at the time asked
me oh well why did you you know why did
you not watch the rest of the film she
didn't had a background in theater or
she knew I might be interested in
various ways it won all these awards
maybe it's a little bit philosophically
interesting and I said to her you know
fundamentally this is a film made by
successful Hollywood actors successful
you know screenwriters and directors
ridiculing unsuccessful actors I mean in
Hollywood and an American culture or
generally everyone pisses on these
people everyone looks down on these
people to do community theater and it's
it's really not appropriate so you know
one of the characters is a you know
pretty young girl who works at a Dairy
Queen and dreams of being an actress you
know what
why would you want to ridicule that
character I know it's a fictional
character but in some ways it's not
there were a lot of good-looking young
women who have a job working at Dairy
Queen or McDonald's and wish they could
do sling better in life and it's made
worse when the actress playing that part
it was parker posey is really actually a
successful actress and the whole film is
made up of those kinds of contrasts you
know successful actors pretending to be
unsuccessful actors and then ridiculing
and revising reviling those people as
nerds and dorks maybe I'm not into that
I don't do that I actually don't look
down my nose at those people in this way
and the point of this video is not to
ridicule these people in this way but as
you're gonna see as the video goes on
it's the contrast some of the claims
made about this hobby and made about the
meaning of life with the self-evident
reality of what this hobby means and
ultimately what I want to talk about
what it means to be an adult what it
means to be a grown-up in 2019 so this
is the con in question quote the hook-up
culture for colossal con is crazy
[Music]
the woman doing the heavy lifting in
this hot tub is herself thirty years old
I did a little bit of fact-checking
hashtag legitimate journalism I did a
little bit of fat jacket I'm not against
that I'm not morally opposed to 30 year
olds working out in the gym and trying
to look decent and trying to make
friends I'm really not I'm really not
looking down my nose at this cultural
phenomenon on the contrary there's an
extent to which I think those of us who
were involved in nonprofit humanitarian
and political movements should probably
look at the success of something like
cosplay in colossal Khan and ask why
haven't we been to a conference like
that in the last five years or maybe not
in our whole lives why is it I've never
been to an event with 100 200 500 vegans
where they lift each other up and throw
each other or not throw up each other an
odd tub and do all this stuff don't we
have more to celebrate don't we have
more meaningful comment don't we have
more reason to come together and yeah I
mean there's there's a warning here
about the extent to which it becomes a
crazy drunken mess there are lessons to
learn from this both positive and
negative but nevertheless the fact that
these are people building on their
common ground trying to do something
positive and trying to find somebody to
fall in love with I have nothing against
that okay so here's the initial comment
kicking off this conversation there were
people having sex in the hot tub last
night and the award for best comment
goes to and question for next reply
every year next reply that's normal
here's a further apply that raises some
more questions the 4k cameras that the
venue installed in the water got the
whole thing word is they already
uploaded it to some websites lmao I
don't get in that gross crowded bath my
friend told me about it
she was sitting right next to them the
girl threw up period I guess the sex was
bad
period I kind of wonder if he threw up
in the hot tub or and then we get a
perhaps joking perhaps boastful comment
what time question mark if you recorded
me please delete that so if you don't
know that was one of the participants
that was a male making the comment
here's an interesting one again and
we've had a lot of infighting about this
kind of thing inside the vegan movement
so this guy just says any other Asians
come to get laid since it's easy mode
with the weaves or is it just me so you
can see from the picture this is a guy
who put some effort into staying in
shape he's an Asian and heterosexual
male and he's saying he goes to these
events and has a really easy time
sleeping around sleeping around with
white western women apparently a female
voice replies I knew a girl who went to
colossal specifically for this colossal
congas anime anime and cosplay
convention I knew wrote went to colossal
specifically for this she didn't play
games she didn't watch anime
she was just Asian and dressed up to get
an easy lay and lots of free drinks
somebody else laconically observes do
what you got to do I suppose
female voice replies again it worked for
her lol she didn't even have to try she
just giggled and did a higher-pitched
voice like an anime character I don't
know if you can say that you don't have
to try if you're putting on an elaborate
costume and an elaborate act to get laid
I could make a separate video about what
it means to really not have to drop the
minimum amount of effort we're talking
about here goes much more than that one
white female responded by insulting this
guy saying looking like that question
mark good luck
lmao and he replies by giving her our
shirtless selfie and says girl what's up
with you so you know no shame in his
game
I had a series of messages long long
messages sent to me by this person on
YouTube moon a dream of a this person
basically objects to my stating simply
and bluntly that when you're talking
about grown adults who are involved in
anime you're talking about people who
are motivated by sexuality motivated by
vanity motivated by wanting to seem
beautiful people perceive to be
beautiful and meet other people with
that common interest and get into bed
with them just like a lot of other
hobbies tennis okay some people go to
tennis events just to play tennis there
will be a lot of men going to a tennis
event trying to find a woman who also
plays tennis who will be their tennis
girlfriend and there will be gay men
looking for members the same sex it
could be their tennis boyfriend and so
on so to some extent a tennis conference
is about tennis and to some extent it's
about these other things even something
as anodyne as tennis we're given the
excuse that cosplay is an art craft
and/or hobby you can say anything is
quote in essence a kink close quote but
that's not right it's choosing to strip
a subject of its most important values
that make up its indentity in favor of
an agenda or an idea that being said
maybe your opinion is just that so she
talks about the extent to which from her
perspective cosplay is as she puts it
wide and diverse life style community
art craft and hobby and I respond to
that by saying quote such a wide and
diverse lifestyle look I don't know if
you're 25 or 45 but you've led a very
narrow very monotonous life if you think
that playing dress-up is wide and
diverse I say this as someone who just
hold my luggage to a small town in the
middle of the mountains of Taiwan having
previously lived in Cambodia Laos
Thailand Yunnan and most challenging of
all Saskatchewan
if you're trying to learn Korean a jib
way Saskatchewan was challenging and
having stated the languages history and
politics in all of those places
including free energy avoidance ask by
the way with all that admin said I'm
sure I'm ruining my life by not just
putting up insincere videos praising
this vain self-indulgent hobby as the
most brilliant and creative thing ever
like everyone else in the internet in
pursuit of micro fame and the remote
possibility of positive attention from
the opposite sex any halfway decent
woman in this hobby is constantly shower
with flattering male attention and may
also be making money by selling pictures
of herself you could see that even
within this same Facebook group of
people attending the conference just
mentioned people are saying donate $10
on patreon we'll send you a set of
photos this is a big part of it
also I noticed they'd have questions
like who at the conference had the best
ass who had the most appealing bum and
my surprise was people were sending
pictures of themselves so women were
sending pictures of their own bum in a
bathing suit or in underwear or
what-have-you
I thought people might nominate one
another but no and by the way I'm not
hating I mean there were people who are
not so attractive but nevertheless they
work with a little bit of common ground
they have if you're someone who's a huge
fan of Metroid and you find that other
person at this conference is like it's a
pet right I understand you know we both
know that's a massive incentive even if
you don't think of this kind of vanity
and highly specialized softcore
pornography as a quote unquote
kink even in communist China the whole
cosplay thing has all of these features
and they even sell sets of
professionally taken photos of females
in these costumes etc despite the very
high level of censorship and control in
communist China one of my Chinese
teachers in China
her brother was basically a professional
in cosplay and most of the money he was
professional as a photographer
of course he did other stuff too but his
money came from 90% nude photos not
quite nude photos of women doing cosplay
and he also organized events and
conferences so she told me with that and
she herself my teacher she was at to a
lesser extent interested in cosplay I
had one day where I walked to class and
it was a bit surreal and jarring when
she's walking on the street and couldn't
be in China and there was a cop but the
cop uniform wasn't tailored quite right
the skirt was a little too short in the
shoulders and the bus it was like that's
a police uniform but everything about it
is just a little bit off and as I
continued walking I started seeing other
people with slightly surreal outfits
there was in fact an anime conference
right on the corner not even around the
corner from my school right across the
street from my school so I was actually
walking through a parking lot full of
people and costumes and I didn't even
realize it
so the sexy cop was not a sexy cop it
was someone who put a lot of time and
effort into trying to look like a sexy
comic on this event and probably she's
gonna spend money buying photographs of
other people dressed up as sexy cops
from the same yeah I don't know the
economy that's a bit baffling to me
anyway so even in communist China this
exists yes through the magic of social
media there has never been a time when
young women were more rewarded with
flattering attention and cash and fee
simple for dressing up as a sexy cop
remenham a series but maybe maybe we
should consider the possibility that
these same young women even you could
instead be interested in police
corruption in the real world etc and
indeed real relationships real
colleagues etc and pursuit of positive
change the real world is an acquired
taste and that's part of what makes
escapism such a dangerous game I mean
people like to disrespect my truth but
the fact is that you know my name is I
don't know